[shovel thudding]
[horn honks]
[indistinct chatter]
[Marty] Ruth!
-[workers speaking Spanish]
-Ruth.
I don't care
how many people you send at me.
I'm not fucking laundering.
I don't care. I don't need you to anymore.
[Ruth] Well, I'm pretty fucking busy here.
Okay. Did you get enough, uh, mud on you?
-Just tell me what you fucking want.
-[Marty] Yeah.
[exhales] You gotta help me
get my kids back.
Oh, God. You gotta be fucking kidding me.
I'm not.
Javi's mom knows that Navarro
did not kill Javi, and she wants answers.
Unless you help me get my kids back,
I'm gonna tell her exactly what happened.
You're really willing to get me killed.
[Marty] I didn't shoot Javi.
And why am I responsible for your family?
Because I don't know what else to do.
Wendy has checked herself in to
the same fucking hospital that Ben was in.
Says she's not leaving
until she gets her kids back.
-That's not my business.
-The fuck it isn't.
You killed Javi. You refuse to launder,
and you stole Jonah and made it so that
you might be the only person
he'll actually still listen to.
So it's all your business.
And what if he doesn't listen to me?
I don't know. Fucking kidnap him.
Kill Wendy's dad.
I don't give a fuck what you do,
but if my kids get in that van
and they go to North Carolina,
I'm telling Javi's mom everything.
Is this you? Or Wendy?
[mouths]
[chuckles]
[inhales, exhales]
[Camila] Where is Wendy?
Is everything okay?
[Marty] Uh, yeah, there's--
there's so much work
to be done for the foundation event,
we decided to divide and conquer.
So what is this?
Am I being divided,
or am I being conquered?
And your kids?
-Are they still out of the house?
-[Marty] Yeah.
So we can speak freely?
Yeah. Yeah, um,
so, uh, these are the numbered accounts.
Uh, they can be accessed directly by you
or by anyone that you need
to pay to facilitate your end.
[inhales] What about my brother?
[inhales] Uh, the FBI
has agreed to transfer him,
and-- and he won't get any warning.
[inhales] Um,
Camila, if--
if something were to happen to him
while they were moving him
to the new location,
if he were to try to escape and be killed,
for example…
it would just be considered fate.
I am not putting anything into motion
until I speak with the FBI,
and they will give me
their assurances face-to-face.
That's exactly what
your brother said once.
He was a good boss.
[Marty] That meeting's being set.
[Camila sighs]
Tell me again about the day my son died.
Uh, there's just
not that much to tell, Camila.
You know, um,
we had that meeting
with Javi in the morning.
It was a good meeting.
Wendy and I did some work
to try to set up that move to Chicago,
and, uh, and then
we had dinner with Clare that night,
went back to the hotel.
Next day, came home, right here.
[Camila sighs]
Are you having second thoughts?
No.
Good.
[woman on TV] Individually,
a meerkat may resemble a squirrel,
standing less than one-foot high
and weighing a mere two pounds…
[continues indistinctly]
[orderly] Excuse me, Mrs. Byrde.
You have a visitor.
I had to see what was bullshit
and what wasn't.
-At least you're really here.
-I'm sure that makes you very satisfied.
If I do what I need to do,
that's gotta be enough.
I can't control
whether they stay with you.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Wh--
Marty told me,
if I didn't keep your kids
from going to North Carolina,
he'd tell Javi's mom that I killed him.
[Wendy chuckles]
-[Ruth] Of course that makes you happy.
-[inhales]
What do you want from me, Ruth?
I want you to promise
that if I do my part, the rest is on you.
You're their mom.
If they don't wanna be with you,
I can't control that.
So, if I keep my end,
you'll tell Marty to call off narco bitch.
I promise.
Your dad's a real piece of shit,
by the way.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about yours.
[inhales] Just how bad is it in here?
[sighs]
Bad.
But it's bearable, right?
Everything's bearable.
You were right.
If I'd have just left him here,
he'd still be alive.
-[lock clicks]
-[buzzer sounds]
[Jonah] Have Mom and Dad tried
to talk you into going to the gala?
[Charlotte] They know
we're leaving beforehand.
Yeah, I just-- I just figured,
it's a really big deal,
and you helped make it all possible.
It's okay if part of you
wishes we were going.
I don't wish that.
[ratcheting]
[knock on door]
Hi.
I thought you and I should share a drink,
seeing as how you're leaving tomorrow.
It's a little early, isn't it?
For Ben.
[Nathan] So, what was it about you
that got Ben over the blonde hump, anyway?
Oh, I don't know.
Well, I guess I got lucky.
You know, small town and he didn't
have that many girls to choose from.
[laughing]
I used to get on him
that he liked loose women.
Well, I couldn't condone it.
Didn't blame him, mind you.
Young man, after all.
[Ruth] Right.
And it's pretty hard to get down on a boy,
when his own sister, uh, well…
[Ruth] Hmm.
Nah, trust me. You don't gotta hold
your tongue when it comes to Wendy.
Yeah. Let's just say she had a reputation.
[Ruth] Hmm.
-Well, you beat her.
-[scoffs]
How's that?
You won. You got Jonah and Charlotte.
-Right. Yeah, that's right.
-[clears throat]
And for what it's worth,
every beating I ever got from my daddy,
I knew it was my fault.
We could use more people like you
in the congregation.
[both laugh]
These days, it is a much
softer scripture than I remember. [laughs]
[Ruth] Hmm.
So, uh, did Ben get whupped?
You know, we both know how he was.
Ben embarrassed the family.
It wasn't his fault.
That was just a glitch.
The hard part
is having that one child
that causes you shame.
[Ruth] Hmm.
And, uh, then you look to the other one,
supposed to be better,
and she's even worse.
So, uh… [clears throat]
So tell me,
what are you gonna do when it turns out
Jonah's a mini Marty,
and Charlotte's a little fucking Wendy?
They'll get in line.
And then they'll be gone, right?
-That's the nature of parenting.
-Hmm.
[gulps, exhales]
You don't even fucking want them, do you?
-I don't like that kind of language.
-I don't care.
Have I done something to offend you?
[Ruth] No, it's just the truth.
You don't give a flying fuck
about Jonah or Charlotte.
Well, I won't be spoken
to that way by some…
What?
By you.
I'd like you to leave now, please.
I'll leave if you tell me
why you went to court
for kids you don't even fucking want.
How about "fuck her"?
Is that language you can understand?
She was a slut… [shudders]
…and an embarrassment. [shudders]
And she deserves
to feel every bit of shame that I felt.
Now you have a blessed fucking day.
-[sets down glass]
-[opens, closes door]
-[plastic crinkles]
-[ice clinks]
[pours drink]
What do you think you're doing?
You're gonna tell Jonah and Charlotte
they can't come with you.
I'll do no such thing.
Now,
they're about to be running here,
and when they do,
you're gonna tell them
exactly what you just told me,
or I'll shoot you in your fucking head.
That one.
[Jonah] Grandpa.
What the fuck's going on here?
[man] Anything in your pockets,
in the tray.
Shoes with laces, in the box.
-[buzzer sounds]
-[lock clicks]
This is messed up. You know that, right?
I know.
[Charlotte] So, you know,
just because we're here
does not mean that we're staying.
I-I know. I know.
Just, please.
[sighs]
Um…
[sniffles] When Ruth came by earlier…
[shudders]
…she told me that it was her fault
that Ben was dead.
She said that if she had just
left him in here, he'd still be alive.
And…
I need you to know
how clearly I know she's wrong.
It's my fault. [gasps]
All of it.
[gasps]
I mean, in the end, I don't know.
I don't know--
I don't know what more I could have done.
I mean, I have thought about it.
I have thought about it a thousand times.
[gasps] He-- he would
have gotten us all killed.
But we-- we--
we should never have been there.
And the truth is, Ben is dead…
because I am selfish, and I trapped him.
[inhales] I knew what our life was.
I knew who he was.
I should never have let him stay.
He was planning to go,
and I asked him to stay
because I wanted him around.
And I wanted to believe
it could all be different. [sniffles]
[sighs, sniffles]
Actually, even that's bullshit.
I did it because I was mad at your dad.
And by keeping Ben around…
I could prove I was in control.
And
I have been trying
to control the both of you too.
So…
you need to do whatever you're gonna do.
Your dad and I were trying
to build something for all of us,
and I promise
I will not trap you inside it.
I'm not gonna lie
and say I don't want you to stay,
because I do. [chuckles]
I mean, I want you to stay so much
it makes my teeth hurt, but…
[exhales]
…if you want to go…
please…
go.
[sniffles]
And I promise you,
I will love you just as much.
[sniffles]
[Marty] How'd it go?
You really didn't have to threaten Ruth.
Well, I'm not saying
that I love you unconditionally,
but we have been through
a shitload of conditions,
and I'm still here.
["Bring It On Home to Me"
by Sam Cooke playing]
♪ If you ever change your mind ♪
♪ About leaving, leaving me behind ♪
♪ Baby, bring it to me ♪
♪ Bring your sweet lovin'… ♪
God, I love his voice.
[chuckles]
-♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ I know I laughed… ♪
We're all set for the FBI tomorrow.
Oh, joy. [chuckles]
What's their temperature?
-Does it get above chilly?
-[Wendy scoffs]
Well, they'll be there anyway.
[Marty] Mm-hmm. That is true.
Forty-eight more hours.
I'm calling the moving company
this afternoon.
[Charlotte] Whenever.
You know Jonah and I are packed.
Too soon?
-[Marty] Yeah, much.
-[chuckles] Okay.
Oh, um, we found an old stack of hundreds
from the Blue Cat wall.
We left it there
for someone to find one day.
We put it in the Bible.
[laughs] Well, that'll go unfound
for a long time.
-♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ You know I'll always… ♪
How's the top of the Belle looking?
Incredible and we've doubled
our table space to handle all the RSVPs.
Don't worry.
You don't have to go if you don't want to.
-[Charlotte] Hmm.
-[horn honking]
-[Charlotte] Dad!
-[Wendy shouts]
[tires screech]
[steam hissing]
[Marty grunting]
[grunts]
[panting] You okay? You all right?
-You okay? Go slow. Go slow. Go slow.
-[panting]
-[Marty] You okay, honey?
-[Charlotte grunts] Yeah.
-[Marty] Go slow.
-[Charlotte grunts]
-[Marty] Careful. Careful.
-[Charlotte panting]
Wendy?
Hey. Wendy, can you hear me?
Shit. [panting]
Wendy.
Hey, hey, hey.
Can you hear me? God damn.
Help! Guys, help me!
[grunting]
-[sighs]
-Hey, hey. Wait, hang on.
[panting]
Can you hear me, honey?
Hey, you okay? Gimme this hand.
[grunts] Slowly, gently.
-[Wendy groans]
-Gently, baby.
You okay?
Come on. Help me out with that leg.
Just stay right there.
Just lean against the car.
You okay? You okay?
-[panting]
-[Wendy, softly] Yeah.
Hi, there.
[Wendy] Hey, why don't you guys go?
Go on and lie down.
I'll-- I'll be in, in a minute.
[Benitez] Is everything okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, um…
we just got in
a little bit of a car accident.
[Wendy chuckles]
Well, but you're all unharmed.
[Wendy] Well, we're a bit bruised.
We're a little jumpy, but…
[sighs] …we're okay.
Navarro wants to see you.
Nelson is missing.
He's missing? How?
It's not like him.
Omar is very agitated about it,
and, uh, he knows there are
some messages I just won't deliver.
I think that's why
he's asked me to fetch you.
Yeah, um, not a problem.
I just-- I-I gotta--
I gotta run a quick errand first.
I won't be long, okay?
It's not healthy
to be around so much death.
[Wendy] No, we're all--
we're all perfectly okay.
[scoffs] You're--
you're lying to yourself.
You're overreaching.
Again.
How many times
does God have to point
at you before you take notice?
I believe that accident
was your last warning.
Oh, no.
It's an assurance
that we're gonna make it out alive.
Hi.
Yeah?
I need to know if Nelson is
in the bottom of your pool.
God damn it. God damn it!
Look, it-- it's not your fucking problem.
It's all my fucking problem, Ruth.
You are always my problem.
Here's the situation.
Navarro knows that Nelson is dead, okay?
Or at least, he's got a pretty good idea.
But the truth is, is that Navarro
is about to be out of the picture. So--
Wait, out of the picture how?
Out-- out of the picture
out of the picture. Just let me finish.
Navarro's about to be out of the picture,
not in any position to hit back.
You're gonna be safe.
But I also understand
if you don't trust me,
so if you want, I've got the name of a PI
that can give you a brand-new identity.
You've got money. You could start clean.
I like my name.
Me too.
Uh, are-- are you sure Navarro's out?
It's-- it's all in the works.
Um, there's-- there's one more thing.
We're all gonna meet
with the FBI tomorrow,
and they're gonna need assurances
that they can continue
to launder money out of the casino.
The fucking FBI?
The fucking FBI,
but it-- it's not a crime
if they're sanctioning it, okay?
Can you just-- can you sit with them
tomorrow and hear them out, please?
I always got time
for my fucking government.
All right.
Um, uh,
Jonah and Charlotte are-- are back home.
So, thank you for your help with that.
Yeah, well,
you were gonna have me killed
if I didn't, so…
Anyway… [sighs]
…they deserve him
less than they deserve you.
[laughing]
[Omar] Thank you
for coming on such short notice.
-Sounded like an emergency.
-[Omar] Hmm.
I believe my sister was
behind the attempt on my life.
Why would you think that?
She came to see me.
She began talking about the past.
Reminiscing, so,
she was saying goodbye.
-That could have been anything.
-Well, she's my sister, Wendy. I know her.
[Marty inhales]
What would you like us to do about it?
You will call this number. [sighs]
He will come from Chicago
and take care of it.
[exhales]
I'm sorry.
Me too.
She is my sister,
and I love her very much.
[sniffles, clears throat]
[exhales] Did you hear about Nelson?
This is how I knew
that it was Camila, huh?
She orders the first hit,
and then she takes care of Nelson
to prepare for a second try.
[Marty sighs]
The work to get me out. How does it go?
-[Wendy] Good.
-[Omar] Hmm?
You've laundered enough?
Everyone that needs
to be paid in Mexico will be paid.
The SDN list?
It's all set.
I will need you to step back in, Marty.
Go back to Mexico. ¿Sí?
Of course.
[Omar] Good.
[buzzer sounds]
Don't worry. He believes us.
[guitar strumming]
[Russ] ♪ I am an old woman ♪
♪ Named after my mother ♪
♪ My old man is another ♪
♪ Child that's grown old ♪
Look who decided to grace us
with her presence.
[Russ] ♪ If dreams were lightning ♪
Incoming!
[Russ] ♪ If thunder was desire ♪
-[explodes]
-[Cade] Motherfucker, I will cut you!
[Russ] ♪ This old house
Would have burned down ♪
[Cade and Boyd grunting]
[Russ] ♪ A long time ago ♪
Hey, you two, shut the fuck up.
Both of you. This is fucking beautiful.
[Cade] Fucking Boyd.
[Russ] ♪ Make me an angel ♪
♪ That flies from Montgomery ♪
♪ Make me a poster of an old rodeo ♪
♪ Just give me one thing ♪
♪ That I can hold on to ♪
♪ To believe in this living ♪
♪ Is just a hard way to go ♪
♪ When I was a young girl ♪
-[Wyatt] So you're really building it.
-[Russ] ♪ Had me a cowboy ♪
[Ruth] Whatcha think?
-[Russ] ♪ Wasn't much to look at ♪
-I don't know. It's weird.
[Russ] ♪ Just a free rambling man ♪
Good weird?
-[Wyatt inhales] Weird weird.
-[Russ] ♪ That was a long time ♪
-[chuckles]
-[Russ] ♪ No matter how I try ♪
[Ruth laughs]
-[Russ] ♪ Years just flew by ♪
-[Three] Who are you talking to?
[Ruth] No one.
Talking to Wyatt, aren't you?
Yeah.
Is he here right now?
-Yeah.
-[Russ] ♪ That I can hold onto ♪
[Three] Mind if I join you?
[Russ] ♪ To believe in this living ♪
Of course not.
[Russ] ♪ Is a hard way to go ♪
[sighs]
[Russ] ♪ Make me an angel ♪
-Whatcha think? Is it weird?
-[Russ] ♪ That flies from Montgomery ♪
Why do we have a pool?
-You always need a pool.
-[Russ] ♪ Make me a poster ♪
-We got a lake right here.
-[Russ] ♪ Of an old rodeo ♪
You don't know
the first thing about being rich.
-[Russ] ♪ Just give me one thing ♪
-[Three] Hmm. Maybe you can teach me.
-[Russ] ♪ That I can hold on to ♪
-[Ruth chuckles]
-[Russ] ♪ To believe in this living ♪
-[chattering]
[Russ] ♪ Is just a hard way to go ♪
[Rachel] I don't know, Ruth.
[sighs] I thought the whole point
was to stop laundering.
Start clean.
Well, it ain't a crime
if you're doing it for the FBI.
[scoffs] You got a whole lot more faith
in those fuckers than I do.
Oh, Cheryl, they're still adding RSVPs.
Think you can bring more tables out?
-Sure. We'll put 'em audience left.
-[Rachel] Great.
Those dickheads are lucky I got
a work ethic as a preexisting condition.
[Ruth] Well,
all we gotta do is hear them out.
[Rachel sighs] Or…
we could get the fuck out of here.
We talked about this.
How long before they find out?
No one's finding that body.
And besides,
Marty says if the deal goes through,
that means Navarro
won't be around to ask questions.
[Rachel gasps]
When I--
when I pulled the trigger,
he stared at me
like nothing in the world made sense.
Good. I hope it was fucking painful too.
It wasn't like killing an animal,
you know?
He was a piece of shit.
Still.
He murdered my dad, and he murdered Ben.
I still killed a person.
No, you didn't.
You were never there.
[car door opens, closes]
Oh. Hi, there.
Uh, you must be here for the meeting.
Every-- everyone is back in the, um…
Good afternoon.
Your group is meeting
back in the parlor. If you, um…
[Marty] Camila Navarro Elizondro,
this is, uh, Special Agent in Charge Clay,
Executive Assistant Director Graves.
[Graves] So you're aware…
[sighs]
…Mr. Navarro
is being transferred this evening.
[Ruth] Hiya, Harry.
Why, Ruth.
Well, this meeting is getting,
uh, eclectic.
Hmm. Are all
the swinging dicks already here?
Well, that's not
a characterization I'd offer, but, um…
[inhales sharply]
…yes.
This is Rachel Garrison and Ruth Langmore.
Uh, these are Agents Clay and Graves,
and that is Camila Elizondro.
Uh, Ruth and Rachel are gonna be taking
over operations for the Missouri Belle,
and they're well aware of our mission.
Um,
in fact,
I-I taught Ruth the protocols myself.
[Hannah exhales]
[Ruth] Before we start,
I just wanna say
the last FBI agent my partner worked with
fucked her up inside out.
Got her strung out.
So, we'd like an apology
before we agree to sit down
and talk about any of this shit.
[inhales] On behalf of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
I'd like to apologize
for our treatment of you.
Um, no, thank you. I-I appreciate that.
These are papers
guaranteeing your freedom from prosecution
as a cooperating witness.
Ms. Elizondro,
our agreement will be verbal but binding.
Shall we sit?
[engine turns over]
No celebrating yet.
[chattering]
-[Wendy] Sam, what are you doing?
-[sighs]
Well, uh,
moving to North Carolina.
Well, I can see that.
[Sam] Annalise thinks
it would be a good idea.
Says she can, uh,
teach me how to be grateful.
Hmm.
I'm sure she'll be willing
to teach you a lot of things. [chuckles]
So…
I guess this is…
Fond farewell.
-Yeah.
-[chuckles]
Thanks for always having my back.
[woman] Thank you. We'll see you.
Hey, congratulations on Sam.
I mean, you managed to save
at least one lost soul. [chuckles]
What do you want, Wendy?
-I-I'm not-- I'm not here to fight.
-[Nathan] Then what?
Our foundation has made
a very generous donation
to the site dedicated to finding Ben.
There is a healthy stipend
in perpetuity until he's found.
I'd like you to be in charge.
You can afford to continue your work.
[Wendy] Or any other work you see fit.
Goodbye, Wendy. [chuckles]
Safe trip.
You get everything you wanted.
Get to be the grieving father.
You have money.
You have status in your church.
You just don't get to hurt me.
I suppose you're proud of yourself.
Not at all.
[Marty] Hi.
Hi.
Hey. [sighs]
[Wendy] Oh, Charlotte, you look beautiful.
Turn around. [gasps]
[laughing]
Hey, Mom.
Hi. [exhales]
I'll-- I'll get dressed.
[Marty chuckles]
[Jim] Excuse me.
[Marty] Nice turnout.
Congratulations.
Has anyone backed out?
Oh, not only has no one backed out,
we're still fielding requests.
This whole place
smells like freshly minted money.
Are most of the late additions local?
A few, um, but you've also got
this serious Rust Belt wave happening.
Well, tease me some names,
just for a high.
Uh, DeGroot, Bedwell, Militti, Findley.
So we're bulletproof.
It's a goddamn coronation.
Is Schafer here?
Yeah, he's downstairs trying his luck
at the blackjack tables.
[crowd cheering]
May I borrow you a sec?
You're gonna wanna make a quiet exit.
[laughs] What are you talking about?
We've instructed our people
in Michigan and Wisconsin
to pull your voting machines.
You can't do that.
It's done.
No, you need me on this board
if you want your foundation
not to die on the fucking vine.
[scoffs] Please, Randall.
Have you looked upstairs?
Oh, you should also know, we've talked
to our very good friends at the FBI.
-[scoffs]
-Our first anti-corruption partnership.
That's just blowback on you, Wendy Byrde.
Oh, we're way ahead of you there.
"Change starts at home."
"Cleaning up our own house."
Yada yada yada.
-[huffs]
-You know the drill.
You don't wanna do this.
Oh, but I do.
Without me, you don't stand a chance
of getting anyone off the SDN list.
I'm well aware.
[keys jangle]
[guard] Up.
[Omar] The hell is going on?
You're being transferred.
[Omar] Transferred where?
Transferred.
-[guard] Gimme your hands.
-[handcuffs clinking]
[Omar] Where are you taking me?
Let's go.
[Omar] Tell me where you're taking me.
[chattering]
-[bartender] This is for you.
-Thanks.
-All set?
-Mm.
Are you gonna miss it?
I'll miss the caves.
And the, uh, the crickets maybe.
And I'll miss being close to Buddy.
Are you gonna miss anything?
[sighs] If I'm being honest…
I just can't believe it's over.
[both exhale]
When we get back to Chicago,
will you go to Portillo's with me
for chocolate cake shakes?
[Charlotte chuckles]
-Do you really need to ask me that?
-[chuckles]
Uh, Jack, I'm gonna need
a couple more limes for Jenny.
Now, Jonah. God damn.
You look like
a grown-ass man in that suit.
[chuckling]
You know, there's always
a job for you here if you want it.
I'm actually thinking of going legit.
-[Ruth] Hmm.
-At least until I get through high school.
[bartender] Here you go, Ruth.
Well, that sounds like a plan.
You decided where
you're gonna live in Chicago?
[Wendy] Well, we were talking about
the northern suburbs, but I think--
-[Marty] She's talking about northern--
-There you are.
-Hey.
-[Camila] Congratulations are in order?
-Oh, yeah. Cheers.
-[Camila] To all of us. Yeah.
This is impressive.
-[Wendy] Hmm.
-It's just the beginning.
I'm glad you're here.
[Clare chuckles]
I've been thinking more and more
about the day my son died.
Trying to make sense of it.
Is there anything you can remember
about that day that seemed odd?
[Clare] There's nothing I can think of.
The reason I ask is
that day in your office,
when I brought up my son,
you seemed to get nervous.
Did I?
Well, I wouldn't know why.
-[chuckles]
-You met him that afternoon, yes?
[Clare] Uh, the morning.
He called me that night, and he said
he had made a deal for the stock options.
That's right.
I needed some time to think about it,
and-- and we spoke
on the phone that night.
Where were you that night?
I had dinner with Marty and Wendy,
and then I went home.
So you called him after your dinner?
[Clare] That's right.
'Cause he made it seem
as if he was going to see you.
No, no, it was much too late.
You're saying he was lying?
[Clare] Of course not. It just
sounds like it was a miscommunication.
Right.
[huffs]
Hear me very clearly.
I'm about to take over for my brother.
You know our business.
I suppose
this must be frightening for you.
If you know something
about the day my son died
that you haven't told me,
I will forgive you this one time.
If I find out later that there's
something you aren't telling me now,
well…
I'll have someone slash you
from your cunt to your chin.
It was Ruth Langmore.
The girl here? In the casino?
[Clare] Javi killed her cousin.
She followed him to my office,
and she shot him.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know what to do. I had my--
[clears throat] I had my head of security
take care of the body.
-I am so sorry.
-Did you know?
-I didn't tell anyone.
-Of course not.
[Clare] I was terrified. I was--
I was sure I would be killed.
You're close to that girl.
You see that blonde in the bar?
If you warn her,
if I even sense someone's following me…
I'll kill all of you.
Now…
do you see those kids?
If their parents even cross eyes
with the blonde…
I'm sorry.
[panting]
[gasps]
-What the fuck are we supposed to do?
-[Marty] I don't know.
[Wendy] Okay.
Okay, okay, we can fix this. [gasps]
We can fix this.
We have the number of Navarro's hit man.
We can call the hit on Camila.
Not gonna matter. They're moving
Navarro tonight. He's not gonna survive.
Okay, so we-- we call the FBI.
We ask them to cancel the transfer.
Okay, and then what?
We've got no way to get Navarro
off the SDN list 'cause we lost Schafer.
Marty.
You really need me to say it?
Anything we try to do,
Wendy, is gonna be suicide.
There you are. People are asking for you.
Yeah.
-[server] Thanks. I'll be right back.
-[Rachel] Here you go.
[Ruth exhales]
I think I'm gonna get out of here before
people start making fucking speeches.
[both laugh]
You are not finishing my cold pizza,
or I'll hate you forever.
You got it.
[Rachel] Drive safe.
[phone beeps]
Thank you so much. Yeah, yeah.
-I lost him. Do you see him?
-[Marty] Just look at me. Look at me.
Talk to me.
I'm scared I'll lose you.
-[Marty] You won't. You won't.
-[sighs]
What if this is too much to bear?
It won't be.
[guard speaks indistinctly]
Where are we going?
[guard] Gotta take a piss.
[indistinct chatter on radio]
Take one for me.
[guard in Spanish] Come here. Come here.
-There's a car half a mile up the road.
-[handcuffs ratcheting]
It will take you to a plane.
Let's go.
Good.
[gun cocks]
[clicking]
[gunshot]
[in English] This is Officer Silva.
Got an officer down, prison escapee.
["They Reminisce Over You"
by Pete Rock & CL Smooth]
♪ I reminisce, I reminisce ♪
-♪ I reminisce, I reminisce ♪
-♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ I reminisce, I reminisce ♪
♪ I reminisce for a spell
Or shall I say "think back"? ♪
♪ Twenty-two years ago
To keep it on track ♪
♪ The birth of a child
On the 8th of October ♪
♪ A toast, but my granddaddy came sober ♪
♪ Counting all the fingers and the toes ♪
♪ Now I suppose you hope
The little Black boy grows ♪
-♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ Eighteen years younger than my mama ♪
♪ But I rarely got beatings
'Cause the girl loved drama ♪
♪ In single parenthood, there I stood
By the time she was 21 had another one ♪
♪ This one's a girl, let's name her Pam
Same father as the first ♪
-♪ But you don't give a damn ♪
-♪ All right! ♪
♪ Irresponsible, plain not-thinking ♪
♪ Papa said chill
But the brother keep winking ♪
♪ Still he won't down you
Or tear out your hide ♪
♪ On your side
While the baby maker slide ♪
-[clicks]
-[music turns off]
[exhales]
Hello.
[twig snaps]
How'd you find out?
Clare Shaw told me.
I'm not sorry.
Your son was a murdering bitch.
And now I know where he got it from.
Well, are you gonna fucking
do this shit or what?
[gunshot]
[Ruth thuds, echoes]
[inaudible]
-I love you.
-[exhales] I love you.
Marty.
[Mel] I apologize for breaking in.
I, uh, just had to find my boy here.
But FYI, once I got him,
I came right back outside.
I didn't wanna be intrusive.
Big night, huh?
What do you want?
I couldn't do my job.
Everything I've been dreaming about
for four years,
back on the force, Chicago PD,
all I could think about was you people.
And then I started thinking…
about this guy.
I mean, who doesn't ever
fill a cookie jar? What's with that?
And then why give it to a kid?
Except, well, wait.
That kid loved your brother.
Your brother wanted to run away,
raise goats, so I sort of got, uh…
crazy obsessed with finding out
what's inside this cookie jar, you know?
If it's not cookies.
You know what the answer is?
Evidence.
[chuckles] DNA. I mean we're talking
chunks, bone, maybe even teeth.
Oh, that must be one seriously
old-ass crematorium you guys have.
-We can pay you.
-Anything you want.
[Mel] I don't want your money.
Name your price.
You can change your life.
You can change anyone's life you want.
[Mel] Except your money's toxic.
But it-- it won't be ours.
It-- it'll be yours.
Money doesn't know where it came from.
You don't get it, do you?
You don't get to win.
You don't get to be
the Kochs or the Kennedys
or whatever fucking royalty
you people think you are.
World doesn't work like that.
Since when?
[gun cocks]
[gunshot]
["Love And Happiness" by Al Green playing]
♪ Love and happiness ♪
♪ Wait a minute, something's going wrong ♪
♪ Someone's on the phone ♪
♪ Three o'clock in the morning, yeah! ♪
♪ Talking about ♪
♪ How she can make it right, yeah! ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Happiness is when ♪
♪ You really feel good about somebody ♪
♪ There's nothing wrong ♪
♪ Being in love with someone ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah! ♪
♪ Oh, baby ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
♪ Oh-oh! ♪
♪ Have to say ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
♪ You be good to me, I'll be good to you ♪
♪ We'll be together, yeah! ♪
♪ We'll see each other
Walk away with victory, yeah! ♪
♪ Yeah, oh, baby! ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
-♪ Love and happiness ♪
♪ Oh, yeah! ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey! ♪